docs/WhatAreOurFeatures.md, before:

---
sidebar_position: 2
---

# What Are Our Features?

## What Is Our Goal?

Our goal is to enable users to subscribe to signals for any event through Eventon and automatically execute user-defined actions when these events occur. Signals can be on-chain contract events (e.g., De-Fi protocols, Oracles, or other smart contracts) or off-chain events (e.g., smart contract vulnerability detection).

### Use Cases

1. Users can subscribe to an address and configure Eventon to automatically perform actions such as following or reversing trades when the address emits transaction signals.

2. Users can subscribe to a De-Fi protocol and set Eventon to automatically claim APY rewards when specific signals are emitted by the De-Fi protocol.

3. Users can subscribe to an Oracle and configure Eventon to automatically execute actions like buying or selling ETH when the Oracle emits an ETH price of $1600 USD.

4. Users can subscribe to a smart contract and set Eventon to automatically claim airdrops or NFTs when specific signals are emitted by the smart contract (e.g., airdrop distributions or NFT releases).

5. Users can subscribe to off-chain external signals, and when these signals are sent to Eventon, it can automatically execute user-defined actions (e.g., marking warning addresses or configuring investment portfolios).

## What Are Our Advantages?

1. Eventon is an open-source protocol that allows anyone to subscribe to signals for any event and execute custom actions when events occur.

2. Eventon is a decentralized protocol, and all operations are executed through smart contracts, eliminating the need for centralized services.

3. Eventon is user-friendly and easy to understand, even for users with no programming experience.

4. Eventon has broad support, accommodating both on-chain contract events and off-chain events. All that's required to integrate an event into Eventon is adding a message-sending function to the existing code and providing the signal's ABI, with no need to alter the existing architecture.

## Our Architecture

eventon 的架構如下圖所示：

<!-- ![eventon Architecture](/img/eventon-architecture.png) -->

Commit message:

feat: add Architecture picture
* feat(docs): add Architecture section to Overview.md
* fix(docs): fix architecture image link in WhatAreOurFeatures.md
* feat(sidebars.js): add Architecture/Overview to tutorialSidebar
* feat(static): add architecture_image.png to img directory

docs/WhatAreOurFeatures.md, after:

---
sidebar_position: 2
---

# What Are Our Features?

## What Is Our Goal?

Our goal is to enable users to subscribe to signals for any event through Eventon and automatically execute user-defined actions when these events occur. Signals can be on-chain contract events (e.g., De-Fi protocols, Oracles, or other smart contracts) or off-chain events (e.g., smart contract vulnerability detection).

### Use Cases

1. Users can subscribe to an address and configure Eventon to automatically perform actions such as following or reversing trades when the address emits transaction signals.

2. Users can subscribe to a De-Fi protocol and set Eventon to automatically claim APY rewards when specific signals are emitted by the De-Fi protocol.

3. Users can subscribe to an Oracle and configure Eventon to automatically execute actions like buying or selling ETH when the Oracle emits an ETH price of $1600 USD.

4. Users can subscribe to a smart contract and set Eventon to automatically claim airdrops or NFTs when specific signals are emitted by the smart contract (e.g., airdrop distributions or NFT releases).

5. Users can subscribe to off-chain external signals, and when these signals are sent to Eventon, it can automatically execute user-defined actions (e.g., marking warning addresses or configuring investment portfolios).

## What Are Our Advantages?

1. Eventon is an open-source protocol that allows anyone to subscribe to signals for any event and execute custom actions when events occur.

2. Eventon is a decentralized protocol, and all operations are executed through smart contracts, eliminating the need for centralized services.

3. Eventon is user-friendly and easy to understand, even for users with no programming experience.

4. Eventon has broad support, accommodating both on-chain contract events and off-chain events. All that's required to integrate an event into Eventon is adding a message-sending function to the existing code and providing the signal's ABI, with no need to alter the existing architecture.

## Our Architecture

The architecture of Eventon is illustrated in the following diagram:
![Alt text](/img/architecture_image.png)

<!-- ![eventon Architecture](/img/eventon-architecture.png) -->
